# Transcript: cowork-blog-automation

Generated: 2026-02-07 04:44:27 UTC
Audio files: 1
Model: ElevenLabs Scribe v2

---

## New Recording 37.m4a
So today I wanted to test Claude Cowork to help me improve my blog content flow. I have recently been noticing that I can come up with topics that I'd like to talk about faster than I can actually sit down to write all of the thoughts that I have down. Usually, the biggest roadblock to me is translating the thought as it comes out verbally, mentally, and theoretically into a concrete post with examples, and photos, and, um, lessons, and that sort of thing. So we had to build a shortcut today that lets me take a voice memo, and then it saves it to a iCloud Drive location. From there, we have a cron job running that checks for new voice memos and then transcribes them. A cron job that looks for transcripts for specific blog posts and goes and pre-processes them into a outline of a post. Then we're gonna try doing a manual draft, where we sit down and create the blog post, write out the fully formed thoughts, and ideate on experiments or graphics that should be included. Then, once we have a draft written, we'll have the agent go out and process the draft, pulling in screenshots for me, running experiments, that will then generate results that can be included in the post, and give me a initial grade on the post, calling out things that might need improvement or things that I forgot to include. We'll then go through a iterative loop where we build on it, but, um, it'll take care of the time-consuming parts and leave me open to do the main part, which is writing and getting my thoughts from my head to the site. This post is gonna be created with this process in mind. I'm actually recording the first draft of this on the voice memo now, and I'll be including my findings here below.



---

# Follow-up recordings (added 2026-02-07 20:38:10 UTC)

## New Recording 38.m4a
So round one of the automation, we worked on building a shortcut for my iPhone. A lot of my ideas I can capture quickly in a voice memo, and then have the agents work on processing it into an outline from there. But I needed a way to get the voice memos from my phone to where the agents could run, which is my Mac. So we built a shortcut to send the voice memos to. You give it the folder name that you wanna save the voice memo to, and then it syncs it over to your, or to my PC. This took a little bit of work to get right. iCloud, in general, doesn't download files from your drive until you try to access them, to save on space. So we had to make the folder be downloaded all the time. Issue number two I found when I tried to create the second voice note, which I'm recording now, is I had to remember what file or folder I had put the first voice note in, when making a second voice note on the same topic. In this case, I had chosen CoWork automation. Sorry. In this case, I had chosen cowork-blog-automation, all lowercase, hyphenated, as my folder name. But I had to look that up before I started recording so that I could save this voice memo to the same folder. So a subtle flaw in our planning, one we will fix here shortly. Then we went through and did a few more automation things. It helped me set up a script so that it will transcribe the files that come from iCloud once every two hours, and then automatically start preprocessing with the Claude CLI. That's what we're gonna be testing next, but I wanted to take this point to pause and take in what we had accomplished today. The automation is starting to take shape, but I noticed one thing I don't really like about the CoWork workspace is how cluttered the file system gets, and it's not super easy to tell, um, where the files live and what the files do. Um, something I feel like we have a little bit more, um, familiarity with when working in Claude Code, for example. I can see where files are being generated and then just explore it with the regular file explorer. When I'm generating things in CoWork, I can also have a file explorer open, but it feels like that could also just be built in. And why am I opening up a file system when theoretically it's got all the structure information available to it? Which is another thing: when you're doing work, it's important to have a representation of and structure for the ideas and concepts you're working with, to make sure that you don't, um, lose track of things. And I feel like it's really easy to lose track of things in the CoWork style, because it generate-- generated, uh, a bunch of files, and I don't know the shape of those files to know which ones I should start with and which order I should be reading them in to get the high level or deeper technical level. Um, I have to actually think through this navigation, where properly structured folders, you think a lot less. Um, what else? What else? What else? We had to build a agent that can go and collect screenshots for me. We're gonna see how that goes. Um, but yeah. Here, let's try this. I'd like to collect screenshot, bleh, screenshots of the Claude Code... No, sorry, the Claude-- I'd like start over. I'd like to collect screenshots of the Claude CoWork introduction screen on their website. I would like a screenshot of... I don't know. The Claude Code CLI documentation page discussing headless mode, and I'd like a screenshot of theeee Launch the macOS icon. We'll see how this gets translated in the preprocessing, and then ultimately the screenshot gathering steps. Very cool!

## New Recording 39.m4a
And so we were able to get the automated process of copy the voice memo from my iCloud Drive to my MacBook, transcribe it with ElevenLabs, and then use the Claude CLI to pre-process those notes into an outline. The next step in the process is currently to draft the real post from the outline. And I feel like there's a few notes where I think this could be improved in the current Cowork tooling. Not big, but, um, something maybe I'll replace once we get a little further. Um, okay, so the first thing is, when we're writing a draft, I have to then leave the Cowork, um, tool, right? I gotta open up another editor so that I can write the blog post. This might not be a problem. I probably want a specific blog post hub to be working out of. Um, it's just a little weird that I can't do it from here, and that's speaks to how quickly this tool could become, you know, your view into all of your documents and things, right? Like, um, if I wanna be working in this tool all the time, then that tool has a lot of power, um, but I can't. So anyways, um, number two is we have collect as a stage after we do the review, and I wanna say this is because we don't wanna collect things that we're not gonna use. And so doing the draft and doing the review gives us the time to finalize the things that we need to collect. But I do feel like, um, it'd be better if collecting was something that ran on a schedule as well. So as the outline starts bringing up, "We need a screenshot of this or a screenshot of that," um, it can be collecting in the background. And then when you're ready to write, you have a folder with your outline and all your visuals, and you can just start, like, hammering away at it. Um, I think that's the only note that I have, though. Um, yeah, again, because of how easy it is to make software, I'm now visualizing what I want my blog, uh, software, blog-writing software to look like, and might even have it build me some of that today as well. Um, I've now used three voice notes over the course of this blog post, and I'm worried it's gonna be too long, and we might need to split it up into multiple parts. But, um, yeah, note to self, collect, um, statistics on your chat, so things like, uh, length of conversation and, um, number of files edited, created, et cetera. And I don't know, Claude AI, can you please suggest some other statistics we should add in here to help, uh, or graphics we should add in here that should-- would help describe the process and findings that we've discussed so far?



---

# Follow-up recordings (added 2026-02-08 05:10:08 UTC)

## New Recording 40.m4a
One thing I noticed when trying to draft the post is I was taking screenshots on my phone and screenshots on my computer, and I was not sure where to add them. So I had Cloud Code add a, the ability to drop the files or screenshots into the assets area of the draft, so that I could have a head start on collecting those, and I wouldn't lose them as I collected them with my thoughts.


